
1. When is the deadline (time & date)?
Abstract Submission:	 May 10th 2013 (Friday)
Paper Submission:	  May 17th 2013 (Friday)

2. Is there a length limit? If so, what is it?
Technical Research Papers and Experience Papers must not exceed 10 pages (including figures and appendices) plus up to 1 page that contains ONLY references.
New Idea Papers must not exceed 6 pages (including figures, appendices AND references).

3. Is a particular format required? If so, what is it?
All submissions must come in PDF format and conform, at time of submission, to the IEEE Formatting Guidelines.

4. How are contributions to be submitted (by post, e-mail, online submission system, etc.)
The submission site will soon be posted here.

5. How much time is there between the submission date and the Programme Committee (PC) Meeting? (Answer in weeks.)
10

6. How much time is there between the submission date and the conference or workshop? (Answer in weeks.)
25

7. Does the meeting have multiple “tracks”? If so, does each track have its own PC? Are submissions made to a particular track, or to the conference as a whole?
Yes, it has mutiple "tracks".
Yes, some tracks have their own PCs.
Submissions are made to particular tracks.

8. Roughly, how many submissions are there likely to be (or, submissions for your track)?
Didn't find this information.

9. What is the acceptance rate likely to be?
Didn't find this information.

10. How many members are there on the PC (or, on the PC for your track)?
30

11. How many reviews will each paper receive?
No idea.

12. How many reviews will each PC member write?
No idea.

13. Can you find the rating sheet used by the PC in previous years?
No.

14. Are you required to pledge to present your paper if it is accepted?
No. All accepted papers have to be presented at the conference by one of the authors and will be published by IEEE.

15. If your submission is accepted, will it be “published” in proceedings, or just made available to other attendees?
All accepted papers will be published by IEEE.

16. If your paper is accepted, will you be asked to relinquish your copyright as a condition of publication?
No idea.

17. If there will be published proceedings, who is the publisher?
IEEE.

18. Is review double-blind or single-blind?
No idea.

19. Is this meeting highly regarded in your field? What criteria did you use to answer this question?
No idea.

20. Who do you know who has attened or presented at this meeting in the last two years?
http://people.engr.ncsu.edu/txie/publications.htm
