CHI 2010 Papers and Notes
-------------------------

Reviews of submission #305: "Informing Developers about Design Problems"

Reviewer:           

    Dejun Qian

Overall Rating

    4  	. . .  Possibly Accept

Expertise

    3  (Knowledgeable)

Summary of the Content

    This paper presents a set of user-interface guidelines for the design of code-smell detectors, and uses these guidelines to implement a code-smell detector called Chrysanthemum. The experiment is conducted between 12 programmers to evaluate the effect of these guidelines. The results suggest that the guidelines are important to build smell detectors and help the detectors to assist programmers effectively identifying opportunities for refactoring and making informed judgments about whether and how to refactor.

Contribution to HCI

    The main contribution of this paper is the guidelines for making smell detectors more usable. This paper also implements a tool to exemplifies these guidelines.

The Review

    This paper proposes the guidelines which can be used to in the future development of smell deterctors.

    However, the experiment about the tool abedience doesn't strongly support the arguement that the guidelines are important for detectors. This paper does conduct a survey about the importance of the guidelines directly, and then a survey about the tool abedience. Both of these get positive result. But the abedience does not come to the conclusion that the guidelines does help the tool. The author should exclude other possible reason by doing more experiments.

Strengths

     Without more experiments to show the work in this paper overwhelms the previous work, the strengths for the argument are not very strong.

Areas for Improvement

     1. More experiments should be done to show that detectors using these guidelines do overcome those without meeting these guidelines.

     2. In the evaluation section, too many details are provided which take too many space without providing enough useful information. For instance, on page 7 part 2, 

"Before using Chrysanthemum, the administrator gave each subject a demonstration and read aloud the following description:
The tool is represented by a visualization behind your Java code. It looks a bit like a bunch of petals on a ﬂower. Each petal represents a smell, and you can hover over to see the name of the smell. The size of the petal represents how bad that smell is in the code that you are looking at. As this tripwire passes over methods, or when the cursor is in a method, the smells for that method are visualized. This part of the tool is intended to give you an idea of which smells are present. There’s more detail to the tool, but I’ll get to that later."

     This could be described in few sentences.
     
